*********************************
Release notes for HestiaCP v1.2.1
*********************************

Release date: Jul 27 2020

82 Commits since v1.2.0
`github <https://github.com/hestiacp/hestiacp/compare/1.2.0...1.2.1>`__

########
Features
########

- Consolidated First and Last Name fields to a singular name field to simply input.
    - v-change-user-name will now accept both "First Last" (single argument) and First Last (two arguments) for backward compatibility.
- Removed ntpdate from new installations and enable systemd timesync daemon instead (thanks **@braewoods**)

########
Bugfixes
########

- Fixed an issue where Composer would fail to install due to missing default directory.
- Corrected an issue where two-factor authentication validation was causing high CPU load during the login process. The login screen has been re-designed as a multi-step process (Username > Password > OTP PIN).
- Corrected an issue where text entry fields on the login screen were not automatically focused by default.
- Fixed an issue where RDNS value was incorrectly set if dig failed to resolve the server name.
- Fixed an issue where icons were pushed down in the header when using Bulgarian as the display language. (#932)
- Fixed an issue where new backups were not created when running v-schedule-user-backup-download. (#918)
- Fixed an issue where default configuration files and templates were not backed up correctly.
- Improved quality of default web domain templates for Drupal. (#916)
- Added missing strings to translation files (translations to follow).
- Corrected an issue where toolbars were out of place on the Mail and Firewall pages when using Bulgarian or Greek languages due to string length.
- Improved Spanish translations (thanks **@Wibol**)
- Improved German translations (thanks **@ronald-at**)
- Improved Russian translations (thanks **@Pleskan**)

######################
Known issues and notes
######################

- User name may be incorrectly displayed in the File Manager.
    - **Workaround**: Run `v-delete-sys-filemanager && v-add-sys-filemanager` to reinstall the File Manager.
- Let's Encrypt renewal fails when removing alias from web domain (#856)
- Some translation strings need to be updated for accuracy (#746)
- v-restore-user only works with backup archives stored in /backup mount point (#641)
