***************************************************
Release notes for HestiaCP v1.2.2
***************************************************

Release date: August 11 2020

########
Features
########

- No new features have been introduced in this release.

########
Bugfixes
########

- Create mailhelo.conf if it doesnt exist to prevent an error message during grep.
- Corrected the display of DNS record types to appear in alphabetical order.
- Fixed an issue where the DNS record type field would reset if an error occurred while adding a new DNS record. (#992)
- Fixed an issue where the DNS domain hint would not appear correctly when editing a DNS record. (#993)
- Fixed an issue where a DNS record would become malformed if changed from A to CNAME. (#988)
- Fixed an issue with the back button on the DNS records page. (#989)
- Fixed an issue where phpMyAdmin/phpPgAdmin would not load correctly due to an incorrect vhost configuration. (#970)
- Fixed an issue where malformed JSON output was returned when custom theme files are present. (#967)
- Fixed an error that would occur when running v-change-user-php-cli for the first time if .bash_aliases did not exist. (#960)
- Corrected an issue where tooltips were not displayed when hovering over the top level menu items.
- Improved handling of APT repository keys during installation.
- Reworked the Let's Encrypt renew functionality to skip removed aliases.
- Improved reliability of list handling when using IP lists.
- Enforce minimum password requirements with visual indication of password strength.
- Fixed an issue where user display name value was incorrectly set when changing packages.
- Improved installer version detection.
- Improved detection of MariaDB and MySQL services.